DOCS Add hypothetical guide to integrating MFA into another authenticator e.g. LDAP (#286)
silverstripe/silverstripe-mfa: docs/en/other-authenticators.md

need to implement some customisations to connect the modules together. The following notes should serve as a guide
for parts of the code to be aware of, and things to do in order to achieve this.

For the purposes of comparisons in this document, we will use silverstripe/activedirectory's LDAP authenticator.

## Concepts

### Configuration

The MFA module enables and sets itself as the default authenticator with config (see `config.yml`). You can leave this
in place, but change the injected class to a custom class in your project with Injector configuration. See further
down for a hypothetical example.

### Authenticator

The Authenticator entrypoint class in the MFA module is `SilverStripe\MFA\Authenticator\MemberAuthenticator`. This
class extends the default `MemberAuthenticator` class in order to override the default login form with
`SilverStripe\MFA\Authenticator\LoginForm`.

silverstripe/activedirectory does essentially the same thing - it recommends that you add the LDAP authenticator,
and remove the default authenticator. Removing the default authenticator will also remove the MFA logic applied to it,

> so you will need to re-implement it in a way that is applied to LDAP as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
so you will need to reimplement it in a way that is applied to LDAP as well.
```
